Every lawman's still out
there looking for the Geckos.
We need new passports, we need new names.
- I want to get out of here.
- And go where?
To find Scott.
Until she's back,
this place is shut down.
Time to regulate.
- Stick a fork in 'em. They're done.
- Or they're just getting started.
If we are gonna fight this war,
we have to let go of who we
were, to become who we are.
And now begins the ancient word.
The sun sleeps below the sky,
and the world turns upside down.
In the night, we make our feast.
For centuries I danced for
them, the blood-gatherer,
the bringer of souls.
I've brought them the lost ones,
the troubled ones, the desperate ones.
Now I am free,
and the world turns upside down again.
They are thirsty for revenge,
and nothing will stop them.
No boundaries, no borders.
They will come for me,
but I am coming for them.
Their empire of blood will fall,
and I will not rest until it all burns.
Let me tell you something.
And I know that you habla ingles,
so don't even give me that look.
I am not your enemy,
and I am not your friend.
I am simply here for what is mine.
Now I understand that it was yours,
but due to the unwritten rules
of this life that you chose,
it now belongs to me.
So I'm gonna take it.
This is who I am, you understand?
It's what I do.
But thank you for your cooperation.
Adios.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Holy shit, you're back!
Oh, my God.
What did you do?
Jefe.
A trucker?
That the best you can do?
Jefe, it's Carlos.
He's free.
He beat the labyrinth.
Don't ask me how.
Can't wait to hear all about it.
You gotta take care of the hide, vato.
Never know when I'm gonna need it.
_
That's hardcore.
You've been reeducated.
Show me what you've learned.
The bonds.
You had the Gecko brothers
steal them for you.
There's a message hidden inside them,
a prophecy about a source of
blood that will feed us all.
"And a storm of blood shall come
unlike anything the world has seen.
It will quench our thirst."
And the rest is... porquería.
If you ask me, all
prophecies are gibberish,
but everybody wants to believe them, so...
What can I do? I play along.
Tell me what it means!
Did you ever watch that show
with the little Mexicanita
and her backpack?
- What is he talking about?
- This is a waste of time.
Dora the Explorer.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's a cartoon with
the girl, and she has a monkey, and...
They... they do these things, and...
- I think he's lost it.
- The bonds are the map.
- I'm the map.
- A map to buried treasure buried in nonsense?
Jefe, it's pointless.
The labyrinth turned his mind to mush.
The guy with the answer, he's close by.
I know because I...
'cause I brought him here,
'cause I... 'cause I brought him here,
along with los hermanos Gecko.
He's trapped in the bowels of this place.
He's playing us, Jefe.
Find him, Carlos. And find the answer.
And you can have Narcisso's job.
- synced and corrected by chamallow -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Hey! Hey!
Hey!
Help! Help, I'm in here!
I'm in here!
Oh, thank God!
You really screwed the pooch, Ponch.
And by the way...
Earl says sorry doesn't cut it.
Gonzalez.
Hey man, wake your ass up.
We got big doings out
here in the countryside.
What the hell you talking about?
Just get your ass out to the
quarry, ok? I'll see you soon.
What are you doing?
I got called in.
Babe, I can't ever wake up
with these stupid shutters.
Just got to keep 'em
shut, especially at night.
Just 'cause some bad guys threatened you?
They're really bad guys.
Ranger, you're soaked!
It's your turn to take her to daycare.
Really?
Yes.
Hi. Hi, sweetie.
- Okay. We'll see you later.
- Bye, sweetie.
Okay, bye.
- It's them.
- You sure?
I mean, they're pretty crispy.
I can confirm without a doubt that these
are the bodies of Seth and Richard Gecko,
the infamous bank robbers,
probably the most infamous
criminal duo in Texas history.
The crime scene does have the makings
of an underworld contract killing.
An ongoing investigation will ascertain
which of these shattered group is responsible.
Thanks.
I don't know why I lied.
Damn.
Even that's a lie.
I know exactly why I said it.
You're making a big mistake, Ranger.
This is what's gonna happen:
I'm gonna drop this stake and
I'm gonna walk out of here.
And none of you freaks better
come after me or my family.
_
I followed them to the gate of hell, Earl.
I did.
But I couldn't finish the job.
I've got to protect Margaret and Billy.
But there's something else.
Did you find any symbols?
Symbols?
Yeah.
Messages? Markings? Anything?
Freddie,
you've got two dead felons
looking like a couple of chicharrónes, and
you're looking for a message?
No, man, no message.
Why?
Now I can't escape the feeling
that something's coming.
And I can't stop it.
I'm gonna need you help me see it...
before it hits.
God!
Aah! Aah!
They're not done yet.
They're not done but
you said they would be.
Tomorrow.
Look, I don't have that kind of time.
I'm on the clock.
What?
Listen.
I'm leaving.
Ok? It's... it's... it's best we don't
start anything we can't finish.
Doesn't have to be the beginning.
It can be the end.
Maybe if things were different.
I'll see you tomorrow.
Fast as you can.
It's the wrong key.
No, it's a bump key.
Ok? And in a perfect world,
they'd have a snap gun for this.
Quick as nick, but this is Mexico.
We gotta make do with what we got.
Watch. Like this.
It's all in the reflexes.
Now you try.
Did you at least see the safe?
I did, yes.
It's a good score, Kate. It's gonna play.
If we work out all the moves.
- We've got to review 'em.
- Trying.
This beauty school dropout,
the one with the helmet hair,
she's got a direct-to-DVD bodyguard
watching the front of her place.
Yeah, that's Tocayo.
And the collector's supposed to have
another guy with him tomorrow, Chino.
Splendid.
Any other surprises?
Rafa says they sit there
in the beauty parlor waiting
for the collector to do his thing.
I'm sorry, Rafa?
Rafael. I... I told you about him.
Yeah, he's... he's my
connection on this whole thing.
Your connection?
You been reading one too
many paperback originals?
He is going to be our lookout.
Slow down, ok? The last thing I need
is another mouth to feed around here.
That doesn't make any sense.
It's Richard.
He's trying to throw off the cops.
Again. Go.
Congratulations. We're both dead.
No wonder he left you.
Excuse me?
I said no wonder he drove
you both off a cliff.
Who would want to work with you?
Okay. No mas.
I'm calling this whole thing off.
You're not ready.
And every spidey sense I got is tingling
in every nook and cranny
from eyeballs to balls-balls.
- Nice.
- Forget it. We're gonna wait.
- We're gonna try and figure something out.
- Wait for what?
Get another tattoo? Or
or maybe better yet, for
you to go on another trip?
You want to shoot yourself
with some more heroin?
You're just angry because Richie left you.
And you don't know what to
do with yourself anymore.
He didn't leave.
- He was taken by something nasty and unholy.
- And real.
They're out there, and...
Pretending that they don't exist
isn't gonna make them not exist.
You know another thing?
I didn't just lose my brother down
in that temple, I lost my dad, too.
He begged me to kill him, and I
drove a stake into his heart.
You don't see me shooting
myself full of poison.
You never told me that.
They're dying to know how you did it.
Did what?
You know, beat the labyrinth.
They say it makes men insane.
Eat their own shit, drink their piss.
Haven't had to do that
since the 16th century.
So what did you do in there?
Why'd they make you take your fangs out?
They didn't.
Wait, what?
You mean you actually...
You really think he's down here?
I know what parts of
this place turn him on.
Yeah?
I don't see any teenage girls around here.
Did you miss me?
Hey.
What are you doing?
I told you, this is for
a case I'm working on.
Right. The one that gives you
nightmares and keeps you up all hours?
What is this case about?
You've been jotting down all kind
of strange stuff in your notebook.
You're not supposed to go through that.
- Then don't leave it lying around!
- Don't look.
Margaret.
I don't care how many shutters you put up
or weapons you hide in the furniture
I am not feeling real safe right now.
By the way, it's astronomy.
- What?
- According to this
Professor Aiden Tanner,
those symbols of yours have to do
with mathematics and mapping the stars.
Should have asked the girl
who went to grad school.
I marked the page.
Hey!
Pinche, Freddie!
Could have boiled my ***,
man. Don't sneak up on me!
I shouldn't be able to sneak up on someone
- who's supposed to be watching my house.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- I've got to take off.
- All right.
Made you a sandwich.
_
Congratulations, Tex Magellan.
I'm coming! I'm coming!
Hold on! Where are you?
No! God!
Right there.
First the Geckos, now this?
Shit man, you getting paid by the corpse?
So how the hell did you
find this place anyway?
Anonymous tip.
What have we got?
M.E.'s guess is they died six weeks ago.
Illegals.
It's been a dry month, so
they're pretty well preserved.
And every one of them's got these
symbols carved into their foreheads.
You were asking me about symbols on
the Geckos, what's that all about?
Any cause of death yet?
Negative,
but they've all got the same wound.
Bite mark to the neck.
Holy crap. How'd you know?
Every vic had their knees
smashed with something heavy.
And big. Kept them from
scurrying away, I guess.
Help!
- Buried alive.
- What?
They're buried alive. They
had their knees smashed to
keep them from running away.
Some kind of ritual killing.
Some kind of sick-ass
shit is what that would be.
Sir, I think I got something.
Whatever weapon the killer used
had this glass in it.
Obsidian.
That's trippy.
What do you think?
I think it's time to find an expert.
After el más macho Ranger Gonzalez
rammed me through and left me for
dead, I thought it was curtains.
But then someone or something
found me down there.
And they gave me the gift.
Immortality.
And one other little fringe benefit
that we won't talk about right now.
Shh!
So this is the famous professor.
Well, thanks for finding him, Carlitos.
He's mine now.
He's ours.
Back off or I'll stick him.
No, you won't.
He's too valuable.
Carlos knows this.
I feel like the prettiest
girl at the winter formal.
Shut up.
Back away. Tell him, Carlos.
Let him go.
What?
What are you talking about?
He's our ticket with the boss.
You gotta be freaking kidding me.
I must say, I like this new Carlitos.
No.
You keep the toy.
_
Well that's what you get when
you troll for underage girls.
You told me to lure
him down here, so I did.
I'm glad I met you, Katerina.
It's Kate. Please call me Kate.
I like Katerina, and
you have no say in this.
Actually, I think I could just ignore you.
I am impossible to ignore.
So we're gonna get into the
back of the beauty parlor
and get the cash from this safe
while her bodyguard sits there?
Yes, we are. While Frick
and Frack park it here,
you're gonna go in and
get your hair "did", ok?
Tell Ma Barker you need to
use the juanito, or whatever
and then pop the lock
exactly like we practised.
- Got it.
- So, uh,
you...
you run this little bodega
over here, is that correct?
It's a botánica. There's a difference.
So you a true believer?
In what?
In that shit you sell there.
Business seems to be good.
It's all snake oil to me.
I don't know, it's
funny, you know the people
buying that shit from you,
Call me crazy, I don't really
consider them people at all.
What do you think?
I don't ask.
I just take their money.
Good.
Can I help you, friend?
Broken tail light.
That will cost you around here.
Let me fix that.
- No need to get out, sir.
- It's okay.
I have to see it.
Boy, that's news to me!
Nothing gets past me.
Really?
Looking for a couple of brothers.
One robbed a bank in Acuña.
- Seen him?
- No.
But I've been looking.
Good.
¡Pendejo!
Well I'm not gonna be needing this anymore.
I don't want to know.
What I do want, Professor...
is your expertise.
Holy mother of Gandhi.
Nobody has seen these
markings for centuries!
I mean, I've theorized about them.
- You know what they mean?
- Yes.
But, uh... no, not at all.
Shit. But...
it's a mix.
What does it mean?
I get what these mean.
And I get what that means.
And I get this one.
One of these kids is doing his own thing.
And it's sticking out, you
know, kinda like a turtle head.
What does it mean?
Well if I had a gun to my head,
I'd say it's a map.
We know that,
but where does it lead?
The answer
is in a manuscript.
A codex.
The Savini Codex.
It was the last surviving
document written by a Spanish friar
during the time of La Conquista.
According to the story,
after he wrote his final words,
the friar cried out,
"Tantum in enigmate tunc possumus
videre per umbras daemonum!"
Only in dark times can we
see the demons in the shadows.
And then he cut off his own head.
That's impressive.
Jesus.
Psycho bastard.
Give me something.
So, where is this codex?
Someplace safe.
Let me tell you something about
this family you've joined, Professor.
We have rules.
You earn, you move up.
Yeah,
I know all about you.
Then you know that those who prove
their value, who use their gifts
for the benefit of the
family, they get rewarded.
- Yeah.
- Then go,
get me this codex.
Got it.
Professor.
The sun is in the sky.
Ahh.
Important safety tip.
This isn't so bad.
Those idiots. All you need's an umbrella.
Ok. What to drive, what to drive.
Ah, my chariot awaits.
Oh, shit! Aah!
What if she doesn't let me back there?
She will, okay?
You've got to relax.
It's a good score, Kate.
You did the work.
And I know I didn't exactly
make this easy on you, so...
thank you for
putting up with my shit.
_
Okay.
You ready, partner?
_
Your Spanish is good.
I was thinking maybe braids?
Okay, sit.
Well, uh, first, could I
- use the restroom?
- No, mija, it's broken.
Oh, that's ok, I just need to
wash my hands 'cause I ate churros.
Sticky.
Okay.
Thank you. Gracias.
Parker?
No better name for a gentleman thief.
Tuscaloosa, Alabama? What,
did you throw darts at a map?
Seth Gecko never robbed
any banks in Alabama.
That anybody knows of. Ok?
Listen.
I, um...
I didn't like how we left things, you know?
Then don't leave.
It's all in the reflexes.
Here we go.
Oh, my God.
Oh, okay.
Uh...
Really?
_
No, no, no, no, no.
Okay.
There we go.
There.
Okay, sleep tight.
Yeah.
Oh yeah, that's gotta be the
dumbest thing you've ever done, Seth.
Total waste.
Thank you.
_
So, do you think we should do maybe one...
- You know I can hear you.
- Sí.
We know.
No time for braid talks. We got
a bus to catch. Come on, let's go.
Sorry.
Don't do that. Not a good idea.
Let me tell you something, ok?
And I know that you habla ingles,
so don't even give me that
little look, all right?
I am not your enemy.
And I am not your friend.
I am simply here for what is mine.
Now I understand that it was yours,
but due to the unwritten
rules of this life you chose,
it now belongs to me.
So I'm going to take it.
And there's not a thing that you or
Menudo here are gonna do about it.
This is who I am.
This is what I do.
Thank you for your cooperation.
Adios.
We made it.
Come on, come on!
Get down!
Aah!
Long way from Kansas City, Mr. Gecko.
Fuck yourself.
I want your brother. And the whore!
And you're gonna help me find him!
This one, I don't need.
No!
Go!
Get in the car!
No! Rafa!
I know you're there.
Your savior is a madman.
I just want the same thing as Sex Machine.
Earn my way up.
Then climb.
How?
By doing something memorable.
Something for which I
will be eternally grateful.
Kill Carlos.
He came out of nowhere.
I had no way of knowing
- that he was going...
- I knew. I knew it.
I knew this was gonna happen.
How could you possibly know?
Because I'm a professional crook.
And I've lived long enough
to know when a thing is shit.
I smelled it all over your
little street rat, too.
Rafa was my friend.
- And he tried to help us.
- No. He was... he was one of 'em, and you knew it.
Yes, I did know, and I trusted him.
- He was gonna help me with my brother...
- You want help?
Let me help you.
And listen real close,
because this one's gold.
Everybody that you ever loved is dead.
Including your brother.
- Stop the car.
- What "stop the car"? What are you talking about?
- What?
Stop the goddamn car!
You want out?
Get out.
You want to go play in the darkness,
Little Miss Sunshine? You be my guest.
I don't need this shit.
- I'm not ready.
- Oh, no, sure you are.
You pulled your first big job
all by yourself, isn't that right?
In fact, here you go.
Here's your diploma.
Take half, get the hell out.
Thanks.
Shit.
Just take it.
In the labyrinth,
I dreamt of the ocean.
The sound of the ships.
The echoing wood.
Straining, wanting to break.
We traveled so far...
to find the New World.
You went on your own journey,
across an ocean of sand...
with your substitute
father and your sister.
They didn't know what you were capable of,
what you could become.
And this is how you come to kill me?
Like a coward?
You can't even look me in the eye.
Go.
Go find a new ocean to cross.
Now, it might bend you
and it may break you...
but you will learn
what you need to know.
Oh, shit!
- synced and corrected by chamallow -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org